someone blender with making poses for
the cinema story you can do a lot of
things with once in but what makes poses
even better is using multiple sims to
make couple poses family poses
friendship hoses anything you can
imagine and as hard as it may seem to be
able to do that it's actually really
easy and you have all the tools you need
if you already make single poses for the
sims 3 so to get another rig into
blender in the same one so you can pose
and save both together no matter what
rig it is all you're going to have to do
is go into file append and select the
rig you want so let's go with an am
writing that we're making a male but
then once in here there's all these
folders all you're going to do is click
on the object folder from no matter what
rig you're selected hold down shift and
click every single file in the object
folder and all you have to do is hit
link and append from library and the
symbol shell up but you can't you what
you'll notice is that you can't do
anything with it all you can do is move
the original rig you had so to be able
to pose the second sim that you bring in
all you're going to do is right-click on
the sim anywhere usually on the core so
that it cuts up yellow like this and
down here where it says object mode
you're going to click on it it's like
pose mode and now you can pose it easy
is that there's several ways to do that
but that's definitely the easiest so now
this brings up the question of how do
you actually pose them same thing it's
like is as if you had a single Simmons
file you can move it any way you want
you're still going to have to file
import person soar animation and import
it individually for that sin but you can
do everything you could do with a normal
simple I need to save them separately
like you would and that's how you pose
two sims together and you can do that
for multiple sins but it gets a little
bit tricky but not really when you have
to put when you want to those multiple
female sins or multiple male Sims or
multiple children Sims together in the
same file so say that I wanted to do two
males like a brother a brother and a
sister but you already have one all you
have to do is open up go into your
documents or wherever you
save your blender rigs and all you have
to do say that you want another male is
right-click on the am rig and hit copy
and then come over here and hit paste
and you're going to get an AM read copy
so if you want to get the other one in
there and a file append like we did
before
go back and then find the AM rig copy
object shift click wait yep shift click
on everything in the file and then just
like before you're just going to right
click until it turns yellow nope okay
let's move the other one out of the way
and then you're going to hit pose mode
and now you can pose them that's all you
have to do to get multiple sins multiple
symptoms the same rig and then you're
going to censor animation import and
export the same as you would anything
else and it's as simple as that so if
you have any questions feel free to
leave them in the comments below or
inbox me I'll get back to you ASAP I'm
pretty good with that so I hope that
this was helpful for you pose makers and
I can't wait to see what you do with
these poses thank you for watching